# Ashen Mist Heart

The Ashen Mist Heart allows you to enter the memories of three long-dead giants,
in addition to three other areas. You require this item and the King's Ring to
unlock the fight against the Giant Lord.

## Dragon Aerie

Collect the Aged Feather from the Emerald Herald. With the Aged Feather in your
possession, you no longer need to purchase Homeward Bones.

{% youtube id="mfAvoq19PWQ", title="Farming Titanite Chunks and Titanite Slabs at Dragon Aerie, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="RbgrEvw89ik", title="Farming Elizabeth Mushroom, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Dragon Aerie is the best place for farming Elizabeth Mushrooms, Titanite Chunks,
Titanite Slabs, and all manners of upgrade materials. A Bonfire Ascetic is
available in the cave blocked by a petrified enemy. Crystal Lizard x 11 drop
various types of upgrade materials. You can find one Bonfire Ascetic in the
area. Go through the area, grab all loots, return to the Dragon Aerie bonfire,
and burn a Bonfire Ascetic to respawn all Crystal Lizards and treasures. The
Guardian Dragon x 3 would also respawn, but these can easily be cheesed from a
safe distance by using the Avelyn and bolts.

## Dragon Shrine

{% youtube id="1vren_DJdL8", title="Location of Third Dragon Ring, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

The Third Dragon Ring is found near the summon sign of Bashful Ray. Opening the
door to the treasure would trigger the Dragon Knight to be hostile, so be sure
to first defeat the Drakekeeper and the Dragon Knight. The Drakekeeper is
vulnerable to Poison and Magic Arrows. The Dragon Knight can easily be
backstabbed. Summon Bashful Ray to help you gank the Dragon Knight. Near the
summon sign of Bashful Ray is a wooden chest that contains a Titanite Slab.
Proceed to the arena of the Ancient Dragon and exhaust its dialogue to receive
the Ashen Mist Heart.

{% youtube id="6ke3JBH95kk", title="SL1 Ancient Dragon, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

## Ancient Dragon

This boss can be cheesed by standing in front of one paw, hit the paw, and move
to the other paw. Rinse and repeat until the boss is dead. Buff your Raw Mace+10
with Gold Pine Resin or use a Mace that has been infused with a Boltstone.

Defeat the Ancient Dragon to receive a Soul of a Giant, an item that reduces the
defense of Vendrick. The more Souls of a Giant you have in your inventory, the
greater the reduction in Vendrick's defense. This should be your second Soul of
a Giant. The first was obtained from defeating the Elite Giant x 2 at Black
Gulch.

## Brightstone Cove Tseldora

Revisit the arena where you fought Freja. Enter the Dragon Memories to retrieve
the Ancient Dragon Soul.
