# Bonfire Ascetic & farming

## Aldia's Keep

{% youtube id="Z9MtEmxSaqs", title="Location of Red Tearstone Ring, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Ruined Fork Road bonfire and proceed to Aldia's Keep. _En route_
grab the Red Tearstone Ring from a corpse in a muddied pond, next to an Ogre.
While equipping the ring, when your HP is at or less than 30% of your maximum
HP, you gain 20% boost to your damage output. Enter Aldia's Keep and light the
Foregarden bonfire.

{% youtube id="-Tx9w_qcM0M", title="Brightbug at Aldia's Keep, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

As you enter Aldia's mansion, Lucatiel's brother would invade you. You don't
have to fight this NPC red phantom. Simply run to the upper level where a giant
Basilisk is found, enter the room containing a statue of an iron dragon, and the
NPC red phantom would despawn. Now you can collect some treasures in the first
half of Aldia's mansion. A Brightbug is found in an iron chest on the second
floor. Ensure you have at least Fragrant Branch x 2. Use the Fragrant Branches
to unpetrify the two statues near a giant Basilisk. Kill the two re-animated
enemies for Bonfire Ascetic x 2 and Elizabeth Mushroom x 2.

{% youtube id="JOUPevAIh38", title="SL1 Guardian Dragon at Aldia's Keep, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

## Guardian Dragon

This boss is no different from the one you fought at Heide's Tower of Flame. Use
the same strategy of hitting one leg and move to the other leg. When the boss
swoops upward to breathe fire down on you, run to the boss' tail and position
your character outside the range of the fire breath.

{% youtube id="urKjPpptvZg", title="Farming Bonfire Ascetic and Elizabeth Mushroom, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Defeat the Guardian Dragon, ride the elevator up to Dragon Aerie, and light the
Dragon Aerie bonfire. Warp to the Foregarden bonfire, burn a Bonfire Ascetic to
respawn the two petrified enemies you killed earlier within Aldia's mansion, and
farm them for Bonfire Ascetic and Elizabeth Mushrooms.

{% youtube id="f2v-Ng4cQFs", title="Farming Human Effigies at Forest of Fallen Giants, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="_kdHI3xd4II", title="Farming Human Effigies at Majula, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Bonfire Ascetic can be used to farm various items. For example, burn a Bonfire
Ascetic at the Crestfallen's Retreat bonfire and open a nearby wooden chest to
collect Human Effigy x 5. You can also farm Human Effigies at Majula, underneath
the Abandoned Mansion. Burn a Bonfire Ascetic at the Far Fire bonfire to raise
the bonfire intensity to 2, thus spawning 2 skeletons underneath the Abandoned
Mansion. Kill the skeletons for Human Effigy x 2. Burn another Bonfire Ascetic
to raise the bonfire intensity to 3 and 3 new skeletons would spawn. Raising the
bonfire at Majula by 1 intensity would add another skeleton to the basement of
the mansion. At bonfire intensity 3 and beyond, Maughlin would sell the Moon
Butterfly set. Note that Maughlin must be alive from bonfire intensity 1 onward
in order for him to sell the Moon Butterfly set. Equip a piece of this armour
set to build up the poison metre of anyone close by, including enemies and NPCs.
The poison passive effect is useful against bosses who are susceptible to
poison. The best location for farming Elizabeth Mushroom, and various upgrade
materials, is at Dragon Aerie. Burn a Bonfire Ascetic at the Dragon Aerie
bonfire, cross the bridge that is blocked by a petrified enemy, and collect a
Bonfire Ascetic and Elizabeth Mushroom x 3. If you want, collect various upgrade
materials scattered throughout the area.
