# Handmaid's Ladle

## Things Betwixt

The Handmaid's Ladle is a joke weapon for a high level character. However, for
an SL1 character the Handmaid's Ladle is useful for temporarily increasing your
Vitality and Adaptability. While equipped, the weapon increases Vitality and
Endurance by one point each, and Adaptability by two points, at the cost of
minus one point in Dexterity.

{% youtube id="rVkxkrMcEhc", title="Handmaid's Ladle and Estus Flask Shard at Things Betwixt" %}{% endyoutube %}

You must revisit Things Betwixt to collect the Handmaid's Ladle. Purchase the
Silvercat Ring from Sweet Shalquoir. The ring will be used to reduce fall damage
at various parts of Things Betwixt and other areas in the game. One Fragrant
Branch of Yore is required to unpetrify an enemy who blocks the path necessary
to acquiring the Handmaid's Ladle. Unpetrify the enemy and find your way to a
beach. _En route_, you would encounter a nest of Basilisks. Defeat the Basilisks
and drop down a pit to collect an Estus Flask Shard.

Find a lone Ogre standing on the beach. Kick down a tree trunk to unlock a
shortcut. As you approach the Ogre, a second Ogre would appear. Don't fight the
Ogres while you are on the beach, otherwise the Pursuer would spawn and you
would be ganked by a team of three enemies. Use a bow and arrows to lure one
Ogre at a time away from the beach and towards the nearby bridge shortcut. Cross
the bridge and the Ogre would slowly back away, giving you plenty of
opportunities to snipe the Ogre with ranged attacks or projectiles. Defeat both
Ogres, exhaust the dialogue of Milibeth, and she would gift you the Handmaid's
Ladle. It's not necessary to defeat the Pursuer who spawns on the beach, but
upon defeat the Pursuer would drop a Twinkling Titanite.

{% youtube id="HaK5WDx9eus", title="How to get the Stone Ring" %}{% endyoutube %}

While you are at Things Betwixt, collect the Stone Ring. You must defeat an Ogre
near the water stream, close by the Old Ladies' house. With the Stone Ring
equipped, your melee attacks would deal extra poise damage to enemies. This
effect will be especially useful during the fight against the Burnt Ivory King,
where you must first deal with the Charred Loyce Knights.
