# King's Ring

The King's Ring is required to unlock the end-game bosses. Three gates are
scattered throughout the game, each gate only opens after your character equips
the King's Ring. One gate is at Shaded Woods and leads to Aldia's Keep, and
therefore the path to obtaining the Ashen Mist Heart. The second gate is at the
Forest of Fallen Giants and leads to the arena of the Giant Lord. The third gate
is at Drangleic Castle, near the King's Gate bonfire. Equip the ring while
exploring Drangleic Castle and statues that would normally animate to attack you
would remain passive.

## Looking Glass Knight

{% youtube id="FL-OnFSUWng", title="SL1 Looking Glass Knight, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against strike damage, i.e. attacks from a hammer such as the
Mace. Buff the Raw Mace+10 with Aromatic Ooze or Dark Pine Resin, or use a Mace
that has been infused with a Faintstone or Darknight Stone. This fight is a race
against time because after a while the boss would summon an NPC phantom to gank
you. Playing online means that a player phantom would likely be summoned instead
of an NPC. Consume a Brightbug prior to entering the arena. When the boss starts
to summon in a phantom, take the opportunity to hit the boss as many times as
possible.

After the Looking Glass Knight is defeated, Wellager starts selling the
Homunculus Mace for 8,000 souls. Consider using the Homunculus Mace because it
has a higher base damage output than the Mace. The Raw Homunculus Mace+10
outputs more damage than either of the Raw Mace+10 and Mace+10. Have at least
144,000 souls to purchase Brightbug x 3 from Melentia.

## Shrine of Amana

{% youtube id="D9k78IGW_YE", title="Estus Flask Shard at Shrine of Amana, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

There are no important loots in this area, except for an Estus Flask Shard. This
should be your 13th Estus Flask Shard, but it is a fail-safe item in the sense
that you can have at most 12 uses of your Estus Flask. The maximum level of your
Estus Flask is 12 Estus Flask+5. Have the (Lightning) Short Bow ready to snipe
your way through the area. Take your time to kill most if not all enemies.

## Demon of Song

{% youtube id="hBoGMUvxSt4", title="SL1 Demon of Song, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Use any weapon you are comfortable with and buff it with Aromatic Ooze or Dark
Pine Resin. Patiently wait for the boss to expose its face and arms, then attack
the arms. Attack the face if you want, but doing so would require you to be very
close to the boss.

## Undead Crypt

{% youtube id="HNje-_Zc4Mc", title="Titanite Chunk at Undead Crypt, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="bEGLkYhopGk", title="Bracing Knuckle Ring+2 and Avelyn, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="Ms0_tNJvBnM", title="Fragrant Branch of Yore at Undead Crypt, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

One Titanite Chunk is found near the Undead Ditch bonfire. The Bracing Knuckle
Ring+2 is in a room adjacent to where the Titanite Chunk is located. The Avelyn
is in an iron chest behind an illusory wall, opposite the hallway where the
Nameless Usurper invades you. The Avelyn is recommended for chipping the HP of
most enemies. A Fragrant Branch of Yore is found in one of four iron chests in
front of the boss arena.

## Velstadt, the Royal Aegis

{% youtube id="Vi7l3lrcmbk", title="SL1 Velstadt, the Royal Aegis, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against strike damage and lightning. Buff the Raw Mace+10 with
Gold Pine Resin or use a Mace that has been infused with a Boltstone. During
phase one, roll through an attack, position your character behind Velstadt, and
get in one hit. Phase two is the easier phase because you can bait the attack
where Velstadt kneels to shoot projectiles from his weapon. Bait the kneeling
attack, run behind Velstadt's back, and get in as many hits as you can.

Defeat Velstadt, exit his arena, and enter an adjacent room where hollowed
Vendrick is roaming the room like a zombie. Collect the King's Ring from a
nearby corpse. Chloanne now sells Titanite Chunk x 10.
