# Defeat the Old Ones

## Brightstone Cove Tseldora

{% youtube id="hdDwhPFT8GA", title="SL1 The Duke's Dear Freja, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

## The Duke's Dear Freja

You should be able to one-hand the Rapier now while holding a torch. With the
torch in your left hand, Freja's spider minions won't attack or approach you,
allowing you to focus solely on Freja itself. Buff the Rapier+10 with Charcoal
Pine Resin, be far enough away from Freja to bait the laser attack, run to the
other head (the one that isn't firing the laser), and attack this other head.
Rinse and repeat until the boss is defeated.

{% youtube id="AS5ZSgJfWtw", title="Complete Tark's quest line, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Defeat Freja, proceed to the Lord's Private Chamber, and kill Duke Tseldora to
collect a Fragrant Branch of Yore. Light the Primal Bonfire and use it to warp
back to Majula. Have at least 72,000 souls to purchase Brightbug x 3 from
Melentia. Exhaust Tark's dialogue to receive a Fragrant Branch and other items.
Save these two Fragrant Branches for Aldia's Keep, where they will be used to
farm Bonfire Ascetic and Elizabeth Mushrooms.

## Lost Bastille

{% youtube id="OpbK_Z6r4rE", title="Fragrant Branch of Yore at The Lost Bastille, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Tower Apart bonfire. You will find an iron chest, approaching
which would spawn the Pursuer. Defeat the Pursuer for a Twinkling Titanite and
collect a Fragrant Branch of Yore from the chest. You must defeat the Ruin
Sentinels to open the passage to the Bastille Key, which is required to open two
doors that block your passage to two giant oil lamps. Lighting the lamps would
increase the visibility during the fight against The Lost Sinner.

{% youtube id="TM0XV6Zq7Hk", title="SL1 Ruin Sentinels, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

## Ruin Sentinels

The Ruin Sentinels are weak against lightning. Buff your Mace+10 with Gold Pine
Resin (if you have any) or infuse a Mace+10 with a Boltstone. Equip the Peasant
set (excluding the Peasant Hat), the Mad Warrior Mask, and the Vessel Shield to
increase your Adaptability to 15. Equip the Silvercat Ring to reduce fall damage
as you enter the boss arena and when you drop down from one of the platforms in
the boss room. Enter the arena and your character would be dropped onto a
platform. You want to remain on this platform while fighting the first two
Sentinels. Strafe around the first Sentinel and get in one or two hits.
Sometimes the Sentinel would drop down to the floor. Wait at the edge of the
platform for the Sentinel to jump up onto the platform again. The longer the
fight drags on, the more Ruin Sentinels would join the fight. Get rid of the
first Sentinel as quickly as possible and wait for the second Sentinel to spawn
and jump up onto the platform. Rinse and repeat the above strategy. When two
Sentinels are in the arena, drop down to the floor to allow yourself more room
to manoeuvre and evade attacks. Patiently wait for an opportunity to get in one
hit.

{% youtube id="iYvsIOG8NqM", title="Location of Bastille Key, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Defeat the Ruin Sentinels and light the Servants' Quarters bonfire. Navigate
through a corridor to open a door and turn left to grab the Bastille Key.

## Sinner's Rise

Two locked doors are found in front of the boss arena. Use the Bastille Key to
open the doors and light the two giant oil lamps to increase visibility within
the boss room. Before fighting The Lost Sinner, ensure you have purchased all
Brightbugs from Melentia.

{% youtube id="99tlf4aAmvc", title="SL1 The Lost Sinner, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

## The Lost Sinner

Buff the Rapier+10 with Aromatic Ooze or use a Rapier that has been infused with
a Faintstone. Equip these for 15 Adaptability: Peasant set (excluding the
Peasant Hat), Mad Warrior Mask, and Vessel Shield. Roll through the boss'
attacks, position your character behind the boss, and get in one hit.

Defeat The Lost Sinner, collect a Fragrant Branch of Yore, and light the Primal
Bonfire. If Aldia spawns, exhaust his dialogue to follow his quest line and have
him be the final boss. He is an optional final boss. Don't interact with Aldia
if you don't want to fight him. Warp back to Majula. Have at least 108,000 souls
to purchase Brightbug x 3 from Melentia.
