# Ring of Blades+1

The +0 version of the Ring of Blades was obtained from defeating the Pursuer at
the Forest of Fallen Giants. This version of the ring increases your physical
damage output by 20 points. The +1 version increases your physical damage output
by 35 points. The +1 version of the ring is also dropped by the Pursuer. Defeat
the Smelter Demon at Iron Keep, rest at the Ironhearth Hall bonfire, return to
the arena of the Smelter Demon, and the Pursuer would spawn.

## Smelter Demon

{% youtube id="2tQIuCIQovU", title="SL1 Smelter Demon at Iron Keep" %}{% endyoutube %}

The thrust attack of the Rapier is effective against the boss, but the strike
attack of the Mace deals 10% extra damage to the boss. With the Mace, you must
be up close to the boss for your hit to connect, but the flame emanating from
the boss' abdomen would most likely chip the HP of your character. The Rapier
seems to be a safer option because the thrust attack does cover some distance.
Buff your weapon with Dark Pine Resin or use a weapon that has been infused with
the Darknight Stone. Equip the Handmaid's Ladle in the left hand, Cale's Helm,
and the Peasant set (minus the Peasant Hat) to bring your Adaptability to 14,
enough for you to roll through most if not all of the Smelter Demon's attacks.
With the Dexterity Ring you should be able to properly wield the Rapier. The
Flame Quartz Ring+1 should boost your fire defense. Lock on to the boss, roll
through a horizontal/diagonal swing attack to position yourself behind the
demon, and get in one or two hits.

{% youtube id="QZOsaWQa05A", title="SL1 How to get the Ring of Blades+1" %}{% endyoutube %}

Defeat the Smelter Demon and rest at the Ironhearth Hall bonfire. Return to the
boss arena and the Pursuer would spawn. Defeat the Pursuer to obtain the Ring of
Blades+1. Use the same equipment that you had for the fight against the Smelter
Demon, except you now swap the Flame Quartz Ring+1 for the Ring of Steel
Protection+1. Buff your weapon with Gold Pine Resin or use a weapon infused with
a Boltstone. Lock on to the boss and generally strafe around the boss and to
your right. Run as you strafe, not walk.
