# Strength Ring

The Strength Ring adds five points to your Strength. The ring is especially
useful when you need to two-hand a great hammer such as the Great Club or the
Old Knight Mace or an ultra great sword such as the Greatsword.

## Brume Tower

{% youtube id="vLq72Nz_itU", title="Titanite Slab at Brume Tower" %}{% endyoutube %}

There are no notable loots at the beginning area of Brume Tower, except for a
Titanite Slab. Start from the Throne Floor bonfire and head to the Upper Floor
bonfire. On your way, you would encounter an iron chest before descending a
ladder to find a second Ashen Idol. The first Ashen Idol you encountered is the
one near the Throne Floor bonfire. Open the chest to collect a Titanite Slab.
You might want to collect the Flame Quartz Ring+3 and the Spell Quartz Ring+3.
These can be found by starting from the Upper Floor bonfire and proceed to the
Foyer bonfire. Light the Foyer bonfire and make your way to the Scorched Iron
Scepter and grab it. Expect this to be a suicide run because the room where the
scepter is located is littered with Scorchers who, as soon as you take the
scepter, would most likely gank you to death.

{% youtube id="NHgrlIzYBcM", title="Location of Hollow Skin, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Grab the Hollow Skin from a chest behind an illusory wall. From the Foyer
bonfire, take the elevator all the way up and take another elevator up. While on
the second elevator up, position your character in-between the two rotating
gears and interact with the wall to reveal a hidden room. Enter the room on the
way down and collect the Hollow Skin. The Hollow Skin grants immunity to curse.
Equip the head piece while exploring areas that build up your curse metre or
while fighting Nashandra.

{% youtube id="05jXPkd-XOY", title="Brightbugs x 2 at Brume Tower" %}{% endyoutube %}

Collect Brightbug x 2 from an iron chest. From the Foyer bonfire, take the
elevator up and you would see an opening. Jump or roll onto the ledge, proceed
forward, and you would encounter a Crystal Lizard. This lizard is rather fast
and would rapidly run off a ledge before you could kill it. Ignore the lizard
and open the iron chest to grab Brightbug x 2.

{% youtube id="FdlQSKxasJk", title="Brume Tower: Tower Key and Titanite Chunk x 2" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="fyqkZ7Ymicg", title="Brume Tower: Life Ring+3, Titanite Slab, and Chunk x 3" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="S7aC2otUBiw", title="Dispelling Ring+1 and Smelter Wedge x 4, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="qUeG02MQsoc", title="Location of Simpleton's Ring, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="xG3APuW3Nxw", title="Location of Strength Ring, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

The Tower Key is required for opening various locked doors at Brume Tower and
unlock passages to all bosses in the DLC. Near where the Tower Key is located,
you would find Titanite Chunk x 2. The Dispelling Ring+1 boosts your elemental
defense by 120 points. Smelter Wedge x 4 are found near where you grabbed the
ring. The Life Ring+3 is available if you need it. Nearby is a Titanite Slab and
Titanite Chunk x 3. The Simpleton's Ring raises your Adaptability by five
points. The ring is on a corpse near the Upper Floor bonfire. The Strength Ring
is obtained on your way to the arena of Fume Knight. Grab the ring and light the
Lowermost Floor bonfire. Use Smelter Wedge x 4 to deactivate the Ashen Idol x 4
outside the boss room of Fume Knight.
