# Crown of the Sunken King

The Crown of the Sunken King is a helm that grants one point to each of these
stats: Endurance, Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence, and Faith. However, the
crown lowers one point from each of Vigor and Vitality. The Crown can be
collected after defeating Sinh.

## Cave of the Dead

{% youtube id="PuvLuAcc5AA", title="Brightbug x 2 at Cave of the Dead, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Priestess' Chamber bonfire. Drop down and enter the Cave of the
Dead. Collect Brightbug x 2 in the area filled with statues that spit a
substance causing your petrify metre to build up. Equip the Ash Knuckle Ring to
boost your petrification resistance.

## Graverobber, Varg, and Cerah

{% youtube id="_grZwMj155c", title="SL1 Graverobber, Varg, and Cerah, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

A gank boss where you fight a trio of NPCs. Buff your weapon with lightning.
Your priority should be to get rid of Cerah as quickly as possible, i.e. the NPC
who shoots with a great bow. The running two-handed R1 of the Greatsword is
useful for dealing with Cerah. Each of the remaining two NPCs can be handled
similarly or you might prefer to use the two-handed R2 of the Old Knight Mace.
There's a ledge behind a patch of stalagmite. Standing on this ledge would allow
you to cheese two of the NPCs. Use the two-handed R1 of the Greatsword to cheese
the NPCs. Ensure that Cerah is already defeated, otherwise Cerah would snipe you
with great arrows.

Defeat the trio and exit the arena to collect the Flower Skirt. The skirt raises
your Vigor by two points and Endurance by one point.

## Dragon's Rest

Start from the Sanctum Walk bonfire and cross the bridge that was activated by
the Dragon Stone. Drop down to an area where a Drakeblood Knight is found in a
room with Crystal Lizard x 4. The lizards drop a Titanite Slab and Titanite
Chunk x 3, among other upgrade materials. Locate the Sanctum Interior bonfire,
which is hidden behind an illusory wall.

## Elana, the Squalid Queen

{% youtube id="i8-5qkIogaw", title="SL1 Elana, the Squalid Queen, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Use a fast weapon and buff it with Aromatic Ooze. You want Elana to summon a
bunch of skeletons because the skeletons are easily killed. Use the Mace to get
rid of all skeletons, then focus on Elana. You must defeat Elana to unlock the
fight against Sinh.

## Sinh, the Slumbering Dragon

{% youtube id="Ewt8Ypl6-HI", title="SL1 Sinh, the Slumbering Dragon, Dark Souls 2: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against lightning. Bring plenty of Repair Powder. Aim to hit
the head and neck of the boss. Hitting any other part of Sinh's body would
drastically degrade your weapon. Don't equip the Bracing Knuckle Ring+2 because
you're better off equipping a ring that boosts your stamina recovery or damage
output. Have some Poison Moss ready in case you get poisoned. Position your
character in front of the boss, stand some distance from the head, bait the fire
breath, and run in to hit the head or neck.

Defeat Sinh and collect the Crown of the Sunken King.
